John said earlier i'm elsa maloney i am with the asia pacific time on dh my
role is to work with our universities and tastes and
colleges around the adoption off the features beyond electric
actor so lecter captures going on that's all wonderful and great but what else
can we use the system for?
And in fact how could you you don't even have tohave lecture capture you khun still use so many of
these features and tools so one of the things that i'm kind of curious about having seen the list of who
registered versus the list of who tear today because it could be an interesting session
how many people here actually teach lecture are professors in france
students also friendless you know this?
Um how many people here work with academics and
actually trained them on how to use the system and how to teach with it brilliant?
All right,
so we've got we've got all the right crowd here was just a bit worried you model that she talking to us about
teaching because that's what this session is about this session is about teaching
and one of the things that i've heard said a lot of i'm sure you've heard it it's been said more and more of the last few
years is that education has changed more in the last ten years than in the last thousand
people said conferences there talking about it in meetings but
one of the things that i think you know it's really clear sometimes we get a little bit anxious that
all this there's just so much change,
you know what the actual teaching hasn't changed when the way in
which people learn and the teaching that we need to do is same as it always was active
learning has been around for a very,
very long time,
it's just that we've kind of brought it back up again active learning,
formative assessment,
all of those kinds of buzzwords and things that we're hearing have been around for a long time,
and we've known that it's the best way that students learn what i think is the big difference
is that before you would be talking about having to do formative assessment
with three hundred students and be like,
how on earth am i going to mark all of that,
find out what they're all doing,
seal of the results and what technology is done now,
i think it enabled us to teach in the way that we always knew we should or many of us
were doing,
but maybe pull back a little bit because the lord was actually fairly overwhelming.
All right?
So now,
because i'm from australia and i had to think about some content to talk about,
i thought i'd do something is ryan,
i did have the click of a button um and you know we like to talk about
yourself so here i am here's australia this is where i'm from i'm at you from the west coast
so i'm from here in paris which is where electric capture actually was
created before it became too hard off echo three sixty s o we're very proud of that
fact so i've been lucky enough in my career as an
educated to have travelled the world many times too many different places and worked with lots of different
educators it's it's pretty pretty cool career one of the things that i found
and this has changed now again with technology people know so much more about australia now than they used to
but twenty years ago when i first started working with teachers from around the world i would
find that sometimes there wasn't a great amount of knowledge about australia and so you know,
i would get quote back then of course there was the crocodile hunter steve irwin
rest in peace um but you know,
people would say,
what do you know stay there with like,
you know,
because i live in perth and hey lives here and you know,
it's a six hour flight to get there kind of thing and you know that happens and then i
had a couple of other beautiful ones that i thought i would share with you types of questions that i used to get asked
so particularly you know,
i'm in the south go to the north our summers a different
so we have summer at the end of the day calendar year you have it in the middle the us
two and more than once somebody said to me oh,
so if you're summers in december when you celebrate christmas
okay,
i'm trying and then my other side but i gotta ask twice because i
was always worked in teacher professional development and back in the olden days before we had all this beautiful
technology we used to give like binders and books and a ll this printed
material they would look through and i remember being in north america one time and,
you know,
get their spelling slightly different you know,
we used british spelling spelling is quite slightly different we've gotta you
where where it shouldn't be apparently and one time i was asked so how many
letters in your alphabet on that first time i single twenty six okay,
this is dawn it happened again and this time i said twelve and the light
and i walked away after twelve when what when the lady wave you could see him behind
processing intimate oh,
come on,
i get it sorry,
that wasn't,
you know,
really smart,
but i'm not picking on other people,
you know,
this kind of thing happened to make when i was working in north america,
i learned that there are actually fifty states and i thought they were fifty two
and i was not alone in that i actually went home and did research when i got back you know,
after i discovered their fifty states in america and i said to you how state in
the u s and they go fifty two and it was like,
how is that happened?
So i figured it out we don't study north america at school in
australia,
but we obviously we used to hear the news and we'd hear about it and we would hear about the
sixty united states and then we would also hear
the contiguous united states plus a lester in hawaii and somehow in air mai's
we had created that there were fifty two states i use those
examples because what i want to talk about today with teaching is the
importance of knowledge,
right?
We talk a lot about the importance of these
higher order thinking skills,
right?
We've got that's not used to this right?
We've got balloons,
taxonomy,
right?
Everybody has it i think every university at some point it talks about balloons,
taxonomy and has blooms talks,
taxonomy of learning right?
It's some of the great stuff that we've been doing forever was first created in the fifties and then
re down in the eighties and so we know it's really important and one of the things that i hear a lot
is we need to focus on the higher order thinking don't spend time on the
lower order thinking the students know that they should get that primary school in high school and
it's all about critical thinking and then i read an article recently might have even been here
which was talking about the fact that students don't have critical thinking skills and the
reason that i tell you my stories about people whose got the facts wrong is
not to say although complete silly because these were all people with university degrees
it's that really important thing off if you don't have the right knowledge and content
then you can't have do the higher one of thinking those kinds of
activities don't work very well imagine if someone had given me some kind of economics
higher order activity to do around finances and i was trying to figure it
out for the united states and i'm trying to figure it out around fifty two states and they're actually fifty
so one of the things that echo three sixty khun do really well for us and don't
i do not want you to hear me say it's not about higher order thinking skills you absolutely can
but what i thought i would focus on in the station today is how we can use echo
three sixty to really support students around the knowledge that they need to have
because the fact is students need to have a very
solid basis off content and understanding in your
discipline,
they need to have the language in your discipline,
you need to model for them and show them what language they have to use if they're going to be a
lawyer,
a doctor,
a teacher,
whatever it is that they're trying to bay your job is to show them what that is,
what is the language?
What is the content that they need to have that kind of what i'm going to do
today is i want to use the platform with you to just show you a
couple of different ways that you can use this to enhance
knowledge.
Now,
i know one of the big arguments we get is,
well,
it's about time,
and we also might hear,
and i know i used to feel this way quite strongly was about,
well,
i don't really want to spend the time on this knowledge is,
you know,
i don't want to in fanta lies the students,
i don't want them to feel that,
you know,
we should be doing this critical thinking in this bigger order,
thinking,
well,
actually there's a place because if they've got the facts wrong,
then the rest of it is goingto crumble,
so we've got to make sure that effect so i thought
we would look at and i have to introduce and stuff on here cause i've hidden some of my slides
i'm gonna ask you plays to
open up your notes i don't press the
wrong thing here but can i have my screen
logged in isn't instruct another you know where the knights terry's so can i
get you to open your night saying can you if your neighbor doesn't know what the knight sabers because i know there's some people that don't know echo
in here i say can't or do you think so what i want you to do now is i
just want you to write in that night's tab everything you think of when i say cane toad
now you might go out have never heard of a cane toad well,
you might not have been a bit his head of cain and i bet you're sort of toad and a bit you could figure something out
so just have a going just right in that night space
wait
okay,
i'm gonna stop you there what i'd like you to do now places can you just talk to your neighbor
about what you think when i came right?
I'm just gonna give you a minute just have a quick chat with you never see if you can learn anything else that you can add two nights
e
all right,
thank you for that write down any new nights,
any new facts that you learned about cain times you can pop them there into notes next to that's
lithe
so what?
What we've just done is i'm not your teacher back kind words today,
but what i've done is,
before i get into the lesson,
i've actually done some connecting,
right?
So what have i asked you to do is ask you to actually get in there to your prior knowledge and think about
everything,
you know,
so what i'm doing is i'm prime ing you for learning a and b i'm
also starting teo to reveal for you any types effects that
you might have wrong.
So you've got everything down there that you think,
you know,
and now i'm going to tell you the facts,
and you'll be out of delete and get rid of the things that may be out,
right?
Because it's,
critical that i actually resolve that for you and that i do that quite quickly,
and the other thing is that's really important were going toe dhoom,
or about this as we go through is how many times i can get you to kind of practice the
new knowledge and the new content because as you know,
your brains,
they liked to go the easy route and that once they've got a piece of knowledge,
if they think it's right that's going to stay right forever until we actually correct it and correcting
it isn't always as much is just telling you the right answer you actually sometimes have to practice
it think about it right?
Right right to think about this is if you ever moved house or move jobs and you've
driving driving home and suddenly have gone to your old house right if
that happened right,
you start because what happened is your brain has has practised in practise and practise and practise
and going oh yeah that's the way you go and then you get described distracted and the next thing is you're like,
oh i met you at the wrong house is where i live how did that happen?
So we have to give students opportunities to put those new pathways in for learning
right and that's also some of what we're going to do through this so connecting is one way right connecting
to the old information so that you could bring it forward and have new information to it and think to
it connecting if you're let's see what's on that extreme weather right got perry here that's his field
if somebody said something about extreme weather such as you know it only snows
when it's below minus twenty centigrade that's that's true
if somebody says that to me i'm gonna go oh isn't that interesting?
John did you know that only snows on the map i don't know perry is going to he's got
all that information that he connects that too and he's able to say that's rubbish moving
on or oh isn't that interesting?
I'm gonna add it to all of my other information so i formulating make those connections
i'm getting you ready for the next piece of information now just be very grateful there is no examine came
towards the end of this is just an example.
All right,
so
here is that kind of time isn't it delightful what i'd
like you to do it now before we move on and i start talking too about the facts just open up the
question
can you make notes through the app?
Good question that's not the way we're gonna answer now we'll talk about that i promised but before that i've written
two statements here it is i'm going to tell you that came towards his two statements
introducing cane toads to australia has positively impacted the country
then stray wishes that i hadn't introduced cane toads into the country.
All right?
What i want you to do now is to predict wantyou to predict what's coming next
what what kinds of things i'm going to say and so i want you to decide which
one of those you think is accurate,
but guess what?
I don't want you to write anything i want you two thumbs up the one that you think is right
what's cross
fires can't you mike nights through the app at the moment?
No,
but it is coming.
In fact,
i think through it was really is going to be released this week through the
not the ios at the other one.
Yes,
thank you.
It was a big,
long really difficult to remember with through the android,
the knights will be and i always is coming so they are working on it.
But right now today,
unfortunately,
no that's definitely will be there isn't okay,
awesome!
So i've got five people here who's got the wrong idea so it's really important and with
predicting that i tell you the right idea,
right?
So actually,
australia wishes that they had not introduced kane tides,
and i'm going to tell you why in just a second.
But here is a great way without me having to spend a lot of time to
actually find out where the heads are off my students around this stuff.
If i had discovered that actually you were fifty fifty what a great opportunity to say turn to patton and
tell him why you're right that appear to be a teaching,
because as you as i'm sure you will know,
you might think something,
and as soon as you try to explain it,
somebody else that's,
when you go,
oh,
i know i'm wrong,
it's a really great strategy to use to actually talk to each other about why you think you're
right so that with this probably just correct
it and actually it's not it was not a great thing,
and now i'm going to move on,
but a little bit about predicting to one of the things that research has
shown us about predicting is that actually we often do
better in our learning and ate our exams if we
predicted something and we got it wrong?
Because,
again,
what it's doing is predicting those two things one it's preparing you for the
types of questions that i might ask you,
so you're starting to think in that way right now,
you already think starting to think okay,
going to be about why australia wishes that had introduced cane toads number one and number
two it also opens up that door for you to go,
okay,
i was wrong now when they find out what the right answer is,
so yet again it's one more focus on how am i going to get that neural pathway
to the right outside?
So but again,
the key thing here is it doesn't take long now i'm doing a lot of,
um,
activities around the same thing,
but if i was actually victory and this was a serious kind of class
i would probably just do the the one i would get you to do the connecting at the beginning of
the semester and then another day i would do some
predicting right?
I might do a different activity every class but it wouldn't necessarily around my whole class this way so
so you get that but i thought i'd just make that point the idea is that these kinds of things that
really support and strength and students learning can be done in five minutes it's just
five minutes out of the class but it will actually help the students do better at the end
okay,
so i
love this little thing you haven't seen it before my lover i don't know how many
times i've wanted to go back to a slide in the past and gone dick dick,
dick,
dick dick dick right but now i just go to that little doobie and i said right want to go back
here it is officially called dubey what do the
sometimes open up unites again?
Not on this slide on the slide your own on the toads like i just want to show you this one
so we're going to start off by talking about queensland because now what i'm gonna do is i'm actually going to
give you some accurate facts and i wanted to show you queensland up here
hotter and more humid and very tropical at the top moving down to more temperate and then it obviously
as you get to the bottom of australia it gets cool cooler we get snow around sydney camera
and in testimony so it gets colder
all right back to this guy we'll tell you story about cane toads and you get to write notes as i'm
talking so that you know the facts you'll notice that your right the nights if you're new to this platform
bed in actual fact now you've got a different number next to it is the idea obviously is that you conflict between the
slides to see you different nights so um
in about eighteen sixty australia decided that it would have the perfect climate
to grow okay all right sugar cane which is a huge industry and in fact the strain's
still does very well off it right now so we did that and then in
about eighteen eighty we suddenly realized we had a problem there were thirteen different kinds
of beetle there were eating the cake they were eating the stands that we're eating the roots that was
killing the cane and so at the time those that grew came said
we need to do something about this and they convinced the australian government something had to be done so the
government tested lots of different solutions and nothing worked nothing like
round about nineteen thirty five one of the guys in an agricultural department
learned about this cane toad that have been incredibly successful it originated
south from south america south and central america it had
been introduced into puerto rico to solve their came
little problem it had then been introduced into hawaii and solve their came little problem
so it's straight it's a great that's what we need without doing the testing but they're
usually too they said let's bring him in so what they did was they brought in one
hundred one kind it was actually supposed to be one hundred two but one of the
male kind tides died on the way so there were fifty one female in fifty miles hearts so they
come in they put them in a little century and they
uh they read.
So what happened was within a week the female tides had started to like the wrecks
and guess what?
A female typing lay up to thirty thousand eggs at a time now they don't
all hatch and become temples and frogs that five percent but that's still a lot.
So within several weeks we had thousands of cane toads
that's what we wanted,
so we took the map and we put them in the cane fields with ago eight,
eight,
eight eight of course the came tides from
north america don't like the native australian vigils
so they didn't need one theory that's that's true,
i had did read some somewhere else that part of the problem too was that because came towards
can't leap couldn't you get higher up in the cane to eat the bagels?
So that didn't work?
Either i have to do that is,
you know,
i don't know,
but it sounds like a good fact to me,
so i'm going with it so they couldn't,
so that didn't happen now kind words as you can see,
they haven't like a dry,
warty skin,
i think they're pretty disgusting myself anyway,
they and they tend to walk kind of more on their back legs and they have very quite a
short stride that you can see above their
eyes just next eyes here this is a gland and that gland
actually contains a toxin so that and it can
poison things.
So there were a couple of things that happened one wass not only did the cane toads not like air
beetles,
they liked her other insects so that i have honey bees and they need their other insects that
we love.
That was one issue,
but the second one was our australian animals started to eat the countered that the great the
dingoes think joanna's snakes beautiful his dinner,
and so they would ate the cane toads,
and of course,
the cane toads have this toxin and it would get around them out and it would
kill them because one of things that came to toads do which that's quite clever is there
talks and speeds that we had right so the poison moves around faster and
actually ends up killing so a couple of other facts we don't no,
we don't need to know everything about cane toads martorana there now
say we have about one and a half billion cane toads in australia
they started in queensland and they started to migrate because they breed so
prolific play and they're really not many natural predators they just
are ruling the country so they're taking over there eating pet food if they can get into somebody's
house on dh they are actually making some of their captain dogs quite sick if they decide to eat
them.
I did hear a story once about people because it the toxin makes your heart right
going to be like lsd and actually licking the tides but i can tell you now don't do
it do not do it it will only make you see second potentially kill you so don't
do that so one of the things that's fascinating is that spread right they've
spread into northern territory by two thousand nine they were in western australia
when they first started breeding and spreading they would move about ten kilometers a year
now they move more like sixty kilometers a year what actually is him?
When they first came,
they liked it damp and hot,
and they would breed on the only in the move on me in the wet weather what's happened is they've
moved across australia into the drier,
hotter states is they've actually adapted,
they've adapted to get longer legs so that they move faster,
they've adapted to be out of tolerate dry heat,
they've adapted in all sorts of horrible ways i'm gonna stop talking about them now,
except for the fact that the one good thing is,
apparently they've learned that the toxin in this type could kill cancer,
so they are researching that they aren't the other thing just really it's quite
interesting the way that they're trying,
they're thinking about stopping them is well,
at least to stop them raiding our native wildlife is to just give very small toads to the night of
wildlife that makes them seek but doesn't kill them,
so that then they won't go near the bigger ones.
But my particular favorite thing about that is so they've now done what they've done is they've turned them into
sausages,
i toid sausages there,
hopefully our native four,
noble eight and therefore not eat the big tides the bit that i don't understand,
i have to talk to someone about this is how a sausage looks like a like surely it's not what it looks like
but anyway it's maybe there's more to it than that all right now let's get
back into the platform what i want you to do now is let i've just given you some facts
you've got you know it's have a quick look back to your
connection and see how much of it you go correct is there anything you'd
change and remember you can just click on that take it back inside if you need to but you don't you don't you know
it's right there come on have a look back you just didn't get anything right did you know anything?
Some of you the new backhand todd's already
sugar related.
Very good.
All right,
thank you as i said,
no exam,
no sheep stations based on the knowledge of their cane toads but again it's about god what's important about
going back to your connection was a about you know,
we're trying to make those neural pathway so that actually you've got the correct facts if there was anything in there that you got
wrong it's a really important now that you make that link and get rid of the pig that was wrong so that we that we stick with the
bit that was right okay,
so we've been looking at the nights the interesting question that there's one of the
points and you need to make so the notes are available on lee to the student that's riding them,
i can see how many wrote every night,
how many roads,
how many nights,
he wrote,
i'll know if you wrote a lot or a little,
i'll be undergoing look att the analytics after this and see who participated in my lovely session that counter
and sit next to you tomorrow if it's not that,
um,
but i can see who wrote notes and then and,
you know,
that's,
an important thing about studying is whether or not you can take notes now
doesn't mean students out taking notes just cause you don't see them in the platform.
Of course,
they might choose to take their night in some other form of the q and a,
however,
where i asked those questions,
ask youto thumbs up,
you already know that you could all see it,
so if you're involved in the q and a,
then everybody sees it all right to use the cue and i again,
briefly,
what i want you to do now is i want you to pretend that we've got com coming in the conservation and land management
authority.
I'm going to give you just a very short time to think on your own,
you don't need to write anything down yet,
but i'd like you to do is think of one possible solution and or question that you would ask
of cam to suit on your own about cane toads,
right?
We're trying to solve this problem they have gotten all over australia the getting bigger they're getting
stronger they're getting better.
What could we do?
What would you ask out calm people to help solve the problem or do you have a
solution?
Just needs to be a quick,
very quick thing just do it on your own self.
Okay?
That's long enough.
Thank you.
What i want to do now is i want you to we could do this in a group of
two but i think let's make it easier and do it in a three if you can
two or three what i want you to do now they want you to talk with your colleagues and i want you to agree
on that one statement or question because i'm going to get you to put him in the platform but i don't
want a whole room full of the same thing so what i want you to do see if you can agree on
one one statement question you would ask how do it with your neighbors so there's like three of you
who are making one decision you can
wait
okay remember it's not sheep station so to keep everyone happy just agree
what i would like you to do now if we can do it and that's the room is that you're not full
enough,
this might be a bit tricky,
but you just gotta play the game with me you've played really well so far,
so keep playing is what i want you to do now is i want you to turn your three around and join another
three so that you become a six so what we're doing here,
this is a process called sybil and it's really good if you need to make a decision or you want to reduce
something,
you start with two you moved before you knew you could go to aid or sixteen,
and by then i'd stop because nobody agrees,
but see if you could just come up with the one for my place
way
move it,
i thank you very much.
I have you managed to a great here's what i'd like you did it
now i want a copy of those solutions,
right?
But i know that they're you've worked now in groups of about six let's say so i don't want all
six of you to write it,
so i'm gonna ask just one of you to put the question in as
in fact a new question or a statement if it was a statement,
whatever your solution is,
but the person that's going to write it is the person in your group your birthday's closest to today
and i don't mean you know this is not about point finger the youngest is the day
in the month courses today
then what's today ten doesn't matter that's four days away ten days away
but you write you write it in thank you person you're
not still talking about his birthday's closest name but in
a
way
all righty thank you very much hopefully the youngest person if they're young guys
but now now i'm saying it sorry person whose birthday's closest today um is writing that
and if they haven't already now there was something that i should have done that i didn't there but
it's always a good learning opportunity when you do that
because there's a q and a that could be used by everyone and there's all sorts of different questions in there
and i asked you to do a specific activity how am i going to tell your questions from everybody?
Else's what i should have asked you to do the person that's writing it in his mighty hashtag
for me so some symbol that tells me this is linked to this activity right?
Because we've all got access to it and i want you to look at them so as we get them typed it sterile
only young use something like that that's actually quite interesting they
did try all sorts of kind of like her beside him that's not what i
thank you um
pesticides and actually what happened is the tides just kind of
exactly
so take a look down now at u of the rest of the group's answers and what they
thought and this is your opportunity again you can thumbs up if you want to if you see one that you think is particularly
great because these are the ones that will take to camp
wait,
wait all right some
grace some great questions and examples i like the two is beer and
one but however,
as i've responded to,
you know it wouldn't work and it's actually illegal it is illegal in australia to
harm the cane toads,
although many people have thought it would be a great practice and apparently i think there was also a politician that
first suggested they use a cricket bat and a golf club it's no longer a politician surprise,
surprise,
surprise what's the
reasoning for not being allowed to do it because they are living creatures and it's inhumane
sorry you've got me distracted now look,
um alone beautiful,
thank you very much for doing that.
All right,
you can't post anonymously in the either,
so there have been a couple of questions about the app i'm gonna answer them afterwards sorry,
but yes,
of course,
yeah,
and i'll make sure that i answer them so you can see see what happens later you can go in and have a look i'll answer
everybody's questions so we don't take up time now i'm talking about the platform in that
way okay,
so i want to show you another tool that i i particularly like this is
another so what we were doing there um
obviously looking at questions i want to turn now to
looking at confused flag so the next slide just flicked them through few cells four or
five slides here you have a confused flag on your screen this little about
baby up here this is where you get to let me know if you confused so what i want you to do
is just as we click through these aerial slide that i've chosen
based on the information that i have told you and if you look at any of these new girl hang
on that doesn't make sense based on what we've learned or talked about today then you just get to
check on the confused like
we've got people here they can't decide if they confused enough look for five six seven eight right
you can turn it on and off isn't that great?
So this is a cane tried actually it's it is i don't blame you if you're a bit confused that you're trying to eat a
bet that's a bad that's coming out of it it doesn't really matter then and i said yes
but i love this is one of my favorite tools this confused tell that
tell the instructor when you confused.
Now,
this does take a bit of classroom management if you going to use it being that and at the beginning of the
semester,
right?
So just the same way you do with your assignments and who comes to class on time and all those kinds of things
i would need to set up if i'm gonna use this confused,
like you need to know how is gonna operate it.
So for example,
if there are less than five people confused,
i'm not going to stop the lecture and talk about it.
I need youto to send me an email and let me know or come and see me in office hours so we can
talk about it because if i stop every time someone says they're confused and i've got a student that's confused every
time i open my mouth,
i'm not going to get anywhere,
but you got to come up with those kinds of policies,
so but,
you know,
fourteen students,
ok?
Because there's a bet.
So i've answered that for you now,
right?
Remember what we were talking about before with the knowledge i don't want you going away with incorrect
information okay if i'm going to get you to predict if i'm going to get you to kind of
think outside the box in this way what i need to do is correct you immediately if you're wrong
or you sack creating those neural pathways with the wrong information
but they can't accept that too so i just came towards in the straight you've got on your screen
few people confuse see me about that later we just talked about the migration how
they were taking over the world but that one i got yes that's actually greentree
fork it's not a toy a little
yeah the travel and you know what they've discovered you don't like
dense college so what they actually do is they do use a lot of their roads and pathways because it's not
quick um and i do yeah they gathered together quickly
you can't possibly stop yourself can you thie cows going in that direction
um and the last okay,
right?
I just did that around picked pictures of kind toys but the purpose what i wanted to show you uh
think about this in the class high end of semester you've just done all of
this teaching this so much amazing content that you know we think putting into s students heads
on we're about strike start getting it out with an exam and i want to do some revision
you can help me decide which is the best things to revise if i give you a siri's of
slides and ask you to put where you're confused on different concepts and topics,
then i know that these concepts of all being understood and everyone's doing
really well but the majority of my class totally missed everything i talked about in week six
and a lot of people have asked me to review stuff i didn't wee k so what you're actually doing is you're
giving me some way to go when i'm doing review and revision or
if it was just happened in a class what i can do now offices i can go away and i could
maybe create a little mini tutorial give me about five minutes tutorial that i could then
post up and say,
hey,
i know i confused some of you with the cane toads they didn't talk about that um here's the
answer yeah,
one more for you
this is an image quiz if you haven't seen one before well,
you do what i all i need you to do is just put a dot where you think the answer is
where would you not expect to see cane toads based on everything we talked about
perry might even talk about these image quiz is a little bit later in his position and he's got some beautiful ones that i
usually used when i'm doing training
again i know there were a few people that had signed on to come today we weren't
necessarily using the platform just a quick this is great right
in all of these activities we've done i've got really great
um view of whose how many students about dissipating
what's going on are people are you engaged?
Are you actually purchased fighting in the in the activities that i'm giving you
so this is what i get to stop it if i want to and say no more but i'm happy for you to keep going
but i get to show the results
i can't swim oh do that sorry
accounts from that distance that's margaret his manager
you know they're not in tasmania i feel there are more northern yes they
haven't moved down there yet all right so i get to see now what your thinking
is right what you know how much did you learn about this little lesson and
again i mean i'm making it take long because i'm explaining it to you but if we had a class every
week and i just gave you this what does it take me a couple of minutes done and i get to move
on
last one i promise and then we'll we'll just finish up the last few
things right?
What do you know about cane toads as a pissed off you go you've got one minute ride as much as you can
nice i spied quickly they break quickly it's illegal to kill them on the door so cute
nice someone likes them they're misunderstood
thank you alright,
i'll stop you there thank you for that that's really awesome and again no exam on this snow ship
stations at stake so we're good to go so the last two
activities that we did where i've got you to use the image quiz and i got you to write this one minute saying
examples of retrieval,
right?
So we spend a lot of time making sure that we get information into students
heads we actually have to give them opportunities to practice getting it out.
All right,
you know,
i was on the windows on the plane coming over i was watching peter rabbit
pt thank you very much and i don't know if you've seen it,
but it's obviously it's humans but it's also the animated rabbits and the the actor that
played the animated peter rabbit i knew his voice.
I knew his voice.
I knew his voice,
but i could not figure it out.
And i said,
who is it?
And then all of a sudden i i know it's a comedian and i got about halfway through the movie and i
went is james they sure didn't
forget i i know it so well it's james corden right so then i was very places
myself obviously but here's what would have happened if the woman next to me had gone all that's james
cordon i would've said oh yeah,
i know all right one of the worst things that students do when they are
revising is to re read their books right there get the textbook and they
read it and i learned things and then when they're going to do there study they re read it again and i
read it again and guess what happens because they read it before they go yeah,
i know that,
but i'm one of the things that something like this which is a retrieval practice does is it insist that
they bring it forward and do they actually know it so you've got to get him to do it without notes
you just got to pull the information forward that's the kind of thing that we need to practice because
otherwise we think we know stuff on don't necessarily know it and
you know it happens in daylight.
I don't know if you've got friends like i've got i've got friends who are very good at monte pathan,
right?
They can tell you every line from the movie there's a situation where they've got a line for it
and i used to be like how do they do it?
And i realized that actually what they do is retrieval practice but i'm not suggesting that they sit at home
practicing the lines of monty python but they'll hear a line in a movie and very
quickly afterwards they'll use it and then they'll use it again and then there might get to someone else is using it
and they both use those lines and so they become very good at was signing lines from
movies and we've got to get off students to do that but obviously with the facts off the area that we
teach not with monty python again it's only gonna take you a few minutes at
the beginning or end of the class to get students to retrieve information right betrayed
everything i've taught you or at the beginning of the next class remember we talked about cane toads i'm going to
give you a minute to write everything down that you can remember about kind words any of these
examples beautiful work thank you still watch
all right couple of things that we just want to talk about as we wrap up they as i said at
the beginning these kinds of teaching skills and strategies have been around for a long
time we've known since the fifties about a lot of this stuff right all the active mooning the blooms
taxonomy different higher and lower level thinking meta cognition it's
olden around but we haven't had tools like this that make it quick and easy for us to use in the
classroom and i've written chains laying up there because i knew all about connecting in
particular retrieval and there are many more but what i feel like i really like about what
he did when i saw him i shall listen to him on a podcast was he gave it the
title small teaching and i think that makes a far less threatening for us when we're
thinking about it in that way it's just something small that i do in my class that takes me
five minutes at the beginning the middle or an end of the class but i'm really helping my students
to get the kind of knowledge and content that they're going to need to the exam
so they're the three that we did as i said there's plenty more um things that you know
i am going to talk about this is very bro briefly
because gonna switch switch hats a bit away from kanto andi actually
the platform and what i just wanted to spend a couple of minutes cause i know there are a number of you in this room who
said that you actually worked with economic structure training them on the platform here's some of the things
that i think attentions that we have to deal with when we're implementing
something like an echo three sixty or any kind of program that's noon we have to
teach people about the attentions that doesn't mean it's a negative thing i just
it's just what they are training first versus professional development right now this
is one that i live with a ll the time because the university asked me to come in and go,
can you come in and train our stuff absolutely love to one of my favorite things to do i go
in and actually all i can do is training because i've got four hours to
get everything in and what actually usually ends up happening is people are wonderful,
but cognitive overload starts to sit in and one day i'll do a whole beach
feel on cognitive overload as well.
One of things you might notice is that i use mostly images today
not screeds of text on slides because if i'm telling you the facts and you're raiding the
facts you're brian is trying to cope with too many things at once and you miss things
but i want the time training business professional development so if you are actually
in a role where you are going to be really response double for the implementation and your
academics using echo think about how you can make it true professional development
as opposed to training,
training here's the button that you press here's what you do professional development
what is it that you want to maybe change or deepen about your teaching and happen this platform help you
do it and then it needs to be ongoing so if
way we're actually working in the same university and i might have done this session about the small teaching,
i probably send you'il an ad ical or a note or something about small teaching in a
couple of weeks and then maybe i'd link you to a video because professional name
development it's big ongoing in sustained so i just want to put that in there for you to think
about and also we're not all the same could you in fact train
people based on their teaching style?
How do you use echo three sixty if ur inquiry diced
how might use echo three sixty if you flip your classroom as opposed to everybody come in
and let's all learned the same thing even though i'm i lecture seven hundred students
and the person sitting next to me actually does workshops not that you can't get great content,
but i just kinda wanted to throw it out there because you work in the university you have this up
wonderful opportunity to really help to use this platform to
start to make the types of changes in teaching that we talked about before everybody knows we should have
been doing them,
but it was really hard what the platform does is it takes that hardness away makes it
much more simple we talked a little bit of a
technology person teaching that's very much linked against that professional development you get
really quickly always loaded if you tryingto worry that which of the buttons that i press how do i
create a class?
How did how did you make that image quiz?
Where's what i want you to be thinking about is how you gonna teach with the image
so there's that tension if i'm trying,
i'm doing a workshop with your training you're my training you on how to use the technology training on how to
teach with the technology linking it back to professional development.
Can you do both?
Um,
how can you make that work?
Um and then lastly,
this is just one of my own personal little messages.
We hear a lot about teacher centered versus student centered.
I hear a lot where wherever i go onda natural fact i was just
did cem cem work in the university with a high level panel and one of the
very,
very senior academics there scratch guy but he was a big imagine lee
sometimes can happen and at the end he stood up to give his verdict and i thought,
oh,
here we go and he said,
you know what?
I like that confusion flag i can use that confusion flag but i tell you now i am teacher
centered because it's about me and i stand and i lecture and i gotta listen to me but i like that
confusion flag because the students can let me know when i'm off track,
they can let me know what i have to repeat something that brilliant.
What more could we ask?
Because what he's actually doing?
He says he's teacher's scented but he's also is actually verging mohr to learning
center when we asked student centered,
sometimes we miss the learning bit because the students are so hands on and it's
all about the students,
and they might lead to complain and go,
but you really don't another learned anything,
and i really need needed to hear what you had to say,
but if i focus on learning center,
then i'm doing the right thing for the right opportunity.
So one day i'm lecturing it's about mei you're listening to me because i've got some really great stories and some really
good things to tell you,
and you need to know them and another day i've actually set it up more into a
much more active interactive kind of process.
Yeah,
all right,
i think there's a couple more slides bail them,
we'll talk about that mallet on thank you very much.
I really appreciate you getting into cane toads with mei it's been awesome
thank you,
wei have a bright now just go straight on
through